Forum post (thread) message_count updates (#5206)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/Threads.md

Additionally, there are a few new fields that are only available on threads:

> - `member_count` store an approximate member count, but it stop counting at 50 (these are only used in our UI, so likely are not valuable to bots)

Reviewer: store -> stores
stop -> stops

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `member_count` stores an approximate member count, but it stops counting at 50 (this is only used in our UI, so it is likely not valuable to bots)
```
edits the note too

> - `message_count` and `total_message_sent` store the amount of messages in a thread. The difference is that when a message is deleted, `message_count` is decremented, but `total_message_count` will not be. (threads created before July 1, 2022 stops counting both value at 50).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `message_count` and `total_message_sent` store the number of messages in a thread. The difference is that when a message is deleted, `message_count` is decremented, but `total_message_sent` will not be. (threads created before July 1, 2022 stop counting both values at 50).
```

Reviewer 2: says `total_message_count` here too

Additionally, there are a few new fields that are only available on threads:

- `member_count` store an approximate member count, but it stop counting at 50 (these are only used in our UI, so likely are not valuable to bots)
- `message_count` and `total_message_sent` store messages count in a thread. The difference is that the `message_count` decrement when there's message deleted, but `total_message_count` will not change in this case. They stop

>   counting at 100_000. (The UI shows "100k+", and then it will stop counting) Thread before July 1, 2022 caps at 50.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `message_count` and `total_message_sent` store messages count in a thread. The difference is that the `message_count` decrement when there's message deleted, but `total_message_count` will not change in this case. They stop counting at 100000 (the UI shows "100k+", and then it will stop counting). Thread before July 1, 2022 caps at 50.
```

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- `message_count` and `total_message_sent` store the amount of messages in a thread. The difference is that when a message is deleted, `message_count` is decremented, but `total_message_sent` will not. Both of these properties stop counting at 100_000 (the UI shows 100k+), except in threads created before July 1, 2022, in which case it stops at 50.
```

- The API to create a thread in a forum will create _both_ a thread and message in the same call, and as such requires passing in parameters for both the thread and message. The name and behavior of parameters is the same as they are for the existing create thread/message endpoints to simplify integrating with it.
- The message created by that API call will have the same id as the thread.
- The `last_message_id` field on the forum channel object tracks the id of the most recently created thread. It has the same behavior and requirements as it does for messages, namely that you will not receive a `CHANNEL_UPDATE` when it is changed. Instead clients should update the value when receiving [Thread Create](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/thread-create).

> - The `message_count` and `total_message_count` will increment on `MESSAGE_CREATE` and will decrement on `MESSAGE_DELETE`/`MESSAGE_DELETE_BULK`. There will be no `CHANNEL_UPDATE` event through gateway notifying those fields' changes (similar to `last_message_id` changes). Clients should update those values when receiving corresponding events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `message_count` and `total_message_sent` will increment on `MESSAGE_CREATE` and will decrement on `MESSAGE_DELETE`/`MESSAGE_DELETE_BULK`. There will be no `CHANNEL_UPDATE` event through gateway notifying those fields' changes (similar to `last_message_id` changes). Clients should update those values when receiving corresponding events.
```
mistake in field name

Author: oops
